TW-141 Activities are idempotent (#1767)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/what-is-an-activity-definition.md

![Activity Definition](/diagrams/activity-definition.svg)

#### Idempotency

> Temporal recommends that Activities are idempotent.
> 
> Activities are idempotent if multiple applications of that operation do not change the state of the system beyond the initial application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temporal recommends that Activities be idempotent.

Activities are idempotent if multiple [Activity Task Executions](/concepts/what-is-an-activity-task-execution) do not change the state of the system beyond the first Activity Task Execution.
```
